README.md, before:

### Running the `xk6-dashboard` natively

* Generate a k6 binary with the [szkiba/xk6-dashboard](https://github.com/szkiba/xk6-dashboard) extension
    ```shell
    go install go.k6.io/xk6/cmd/xk6@latest
    xk6 build --with github.com/szkiba/xk6-dashboard@latest
    ```
* Run a test using [run-dashboard.sh](./run-dashboard.sh)
    ```shell
    ./run-dashboard.sh scripts/ramping-arr-rate.js
    ```
* Access the dashboard at http://127.0.0.1:5665/


### Build multiple extensions into a single Docker image

* Generate a multi-extension Docker image of k6 using [Dockerfile](./Dockerfile).
    ```shell
    docker build -t k6-extended:latest .
    ```

### Running the `xk6-output-influxdb` extension within Docker

* Start our _Grafana_ service backed by _InfluxDB_
    ```shell
    docker-compose -f influxdb/docker-compose.yml up
    ```
* Run a test using [run-influxdb.sh](./run-influxdb.sh)
    ```shell
    ./run-influxdb.sh scripts/ramping-arr-rate.js
    ```
* Access the Grafana dashboard at http://localhost:3000/
* Shutdown Docker when finished running scripts
    ```shell
    docker-compose -f influxdb/docker-compose.yml down
    ```

### Running the `xk6-output-timescaledb` extension within Docker

* Start our _Grafana_ service backed by _InfluxDB_
    ```shell
    docker-compose -f timescaledb/docker-compose.yml up
    ```
* Run a test using [run-timescaledb.sh](./run-timescaledb.sh)
    ```shell
    ./run-timescaledb.sh scripts/ramping-arr-rate.js
    ```
* Access the Grafana dashboard at http://localhost:3000/
* Shutdown Docker when finished running scripts
    ```shell
    docker-compose -f timescaledb/docker-compose.yml down
    ```

### Running the `xk6-output-prometheus-remote` extension within Docker

* Start our _Grafana_ service backed by _Prometheus_
    ```shell
    docker-compose -f prometheus/docker-compose.yml up
    ```
* Run a test using [run-prometheus.sh](./run-prometheus.sh)
    ```shell
    ./run-prometheus.sh scripts/ramping-arr-rate.js
    ```
* Access the Grafana dashboard at http://localhost:3000/
* Shutdown Docker when finished running scripts
    ```shell
    docker-compose -f prometheus/docker-compose.yml down
    ```

Commit message:

Update to address issues from older k6 usage
Fixes #2

Thanks to @fatmaozcelik for reporting!

Signed-off-by: Paul Balogh <javaducky@gmail.com>

README.md, after:

## Demos from k6 Office Hours #47 (March 25, 2022)

[!NOTE]
These instructions have been updated as of k6 version 0.47.0 (fall 2023). 
Updates to k6 and highlighted extensions may have changed the workflow shown in the video demonstration.
The following instructions should supersede those from the video.

### Running the `xk6-dashboard` natively

[!NOTE]
The `xk6-dashboard` extension was transferred to the Grafana organization!

* Generate a k6 binary with the [grafana/xk6-dashboard](https://github.com/szkiba/xk6-dashboard) extension
    ```shell
    go install go.k6.io/xk6/cmd/xk6@latest
    xk6 build --with github.com/grafana/xk6-dashboard@latest
    ```
* Run a test using [run-dashboard.sh](./run-dashboard.sh)
    ```shell
    ./run-dashboard.sh scripts/ramping-arr-rate.js
    ```
* Access the dashboard at http://127.0.0.1:5665/


### Build multiple extensions into a single Docker image

* Generate a multi-extension Docker image of k6 using [Dockerfile](./Dockerfile).
    ```shell
    docker build -t k6-extended:latest .
    ```

### Running the `xk6-output-influxdb` extension within Docker

* Start our _Grafana_ service backed by _InfluxDB_
    ```shell
    docker compose -f influxdb/docker-compose.yml up
    ```
* Run a test using [run-influxdb.sh](./run-influxdb.sh)
    ```shell
    ./run-influxdb.sh scripts/ramping-arr-rate.js
    ```
* Access the Grafana dashboard at http://localhost:3000/
* Shutdown Docker when finished running scripts
    ```shell
    docker compose -f influxdb/docker-compose.yml down
    ```

### Running the `xk6-output-timescaledb` extension within Docker

* Start our _Grafana_ service backed by _InfluxDB_
    ```shell
    docker compose -f timescaledb/docker-compose.yml up
    ```
* Run a test using [run-timescaledb.sh](./run-timescaledb.sh)
    ```shell
    ./run-timescaledb.sh scripts/ramping-arr-rate.js
    ```
* Access the Grafana dashboard at http://localhost:3000/
* Shutdown Docker when finished running scripts
    ```shell
    docker compose -f timescaledb/docker-compose.yml down
    ```

### Running the `xk6-output-prometheus-remote` extension within Docker

[!IMPORTANT]
The `xk6-output-prometheus-remote` extension is now built into the native k6 binary as an experimental extension.
This removes the need to specially compile the extension, but does change some of the usage.

* Start our _Grafana_ service backed by _Prometheus_
    ```shell
    docker compose -f prometheus/docker-compose.yml up
    ```
* Run a test using [run-prometheus.sh](./run-prometheus.sh)
    ```shell
    ./run-prometheus.sh scripts/ramping-arr-rate.js
    ```
* Access the Grafana dashboard at http://localhost:3000/
* Shutdown Docker when finished running scripts
    ```shell
    docker compose -f prometheus/docker-compose.yml down
    ```
